in this htm file, user js script packages you think necessary, create two sections: 
The first section is a cross reference table 
The second section is a content display panel

when the user clicks a field in the cross reference table, the details of the content is displayed in the display section

The cross reference table  contains these columns:
1. MSAL app type: 
    this column list the application types supported by MSAL lib, e.g. ASP.NET web app, API service, Desktop app, Daemon app etc
2. Code Sample in .NET C#:
    this column should contain the links to the sample application code that implement the MSAL app type.
    at the bottom of the sample code. when user clicks a field, the content should be displayed in the content dispaly panel. extract content from this web site:
    https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/sample-v2-code?tabs=apptype
3. OAuth app types:
    this column list the application types for OAuth 2.0 protocol. 
    the app type should match the MSAL lib supported app type. 
    when user clicks on one of the field, the content of the app type should be displayed in the display panel. 
    The content should be extracted from this web page:
    https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/v2-app-types 
4. OAuth Flow:
    this column list the OAuth 2.0 flows supported by Entra ID security platform
5. Sample requests:
    this column contains the detailed http request sample for each flow.
6. Sample resonse:
    this column provides the corresponding sample responses
7. Entra-ID registration:
    this column provide the elements in Entra-ID registration to be configured, 
    e.g app type, app permission , client secret, etc

Here is the rule for displaying the content:
when user clicks "Show All" in a field, the content related to the clicked field should be displayed as the first paragraph in the content display panel, 
follow by the content of each field in the row. e.g. if a user clicks on the "Show All" in the field for Client Credential, 
the Client Credential field information whould be displayed in the content display panel in the first paragraph, 
followed by the paragraphs for the content of the fields in the same row such as MSAL app type,  
.NET C# code sample, Sample request, Sample response, Entry-ID registration. etc.

do not add extra headings for the cross reference table and the content display panel

position the content display panel below the cross reference table

provide plan on how you plan to store the content as undisplayed field that are only displayed in the content display panel when user clicks the relevant field